Supporting `to_return` in web-poet rules (#88)
scrapinghub/scrapy-poet: CHANGELOG.rst

        @field
        def image(self) -> Image:
            return self.image

    class MySpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "myspider"
        start_urls = ["https://example.com/products/some-product"]

        # ✨ NEW: Notice that we're directly using the item here and not the PO.
        def parse(self, response, item: Product):
            return item

In line with this, the following changes were made:

    * Added a new ``scrapy_poet.page_input_providers.ItemProvider`` which makes
      the usage above possible.
    * The ``scrapy_poet.PageObjectInputProvider`` base class now accepts an
      instance of ``scrapy_poet.injection.Injector`` in its constructor instead
      of ``scrapy.crawler.Crawler``.
    * An item type is now supported by ``scrapy_poet.callback_for`` alongside
      the usual page objects.
    * ``scrapy_poet.overrides.OverridesRegistry`` has been overhauled:

        * It is now subclassed from ``web_poet.RulesRegistry``.
        * It also allows retrieval of rules based on the returned item class.
        * ``OverridesRegistry`` (alongside ``SCRAPY_POET_OVERRIDES``) won't
          accept tuples as rules anymore. Only ``web_poet.ApplyRule``

>           instances are allowed.

Author: This sublist for `OverridesRegistry` will be updated later on as we're considering:
- renaming it to something else
- moving its matching functionality to `web_poet.RulesRegistry`.

    * Added a new ``scrapy_poet.page_input_providers.ItemProvider`` which makes
      the usage above possible.
    * The ``scrapy_poet.PageObjectInputProvider`` base class now accepts an
      instance of ``scrapy_poet.injection.Injector`` in its constructor instead
      of ``scrapy.crawler.Crawler``.

        * This is backwards incompatible. Although you can still access the
          ``scrapy.crawler.Crawler`` via ``Injector.crawler`` attribute.

    * An item type is now supported by ``scrapy_poet.callback_for`` alongside
      the usual page objects. This means that it won't raise a ``TypeError``
      anymore when not passing a subclass of ``web_poet.ItemPage``.
    * ``scrapy_poet.overrides.OverridesRegistry`` has been overhauled:

        * It is now subclassed from ``web_poet.RulesRegistry`` which allows
          outright access to its registry methods.
        * It now allows retrieval of rules based on the returned item class.
        * ``OverridesRegistry`` (alongside ``SCRAPY_POET_OVERRIDES``) won't
          accept tuples as rules anymore. Only ``web_poet.ApplyRule``
          instances are allowed.

            * This is backward incompabible.

>     * New exception: ``scrapy_poet.injector_error.ProviderDependencyDeadlockError``.

Author: Good catch. I missed out on the description for this. Added a docstring for the exception itself.

I also think we need to cover it in the release notes, since users might want to be aware to catch or detect such exceptions.

TBR
---

> This release enables scrapy-poet to fully support item types as dependencies in

Reviewer: I think we should normalize “item type” / “item class” usage, i.e. choose one and stick to it (there is an “item class” reference a bit later in these changes to the changelog). I have a slight preference for the latter, but I am OK with either.

Author: You're right. The same is true for **web-poet** and we'll need to update it as well.

My preference is with "item class" as it's more straightforward of the idea that user-defined classes are used. On the other hand, "item type" could portray the idea of type annotations (e.g. `Union[ProductItem, ReviewItem]`) that _might_ create some confusion.

@kmike @wRAR, what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 2: +1 to use "class". Reasoning: https://github.com/scrapinghub/web-poet/pull/110#discussion_r1047496239

Author: Updated to "item class" after our off-GH discussion.

      the usage above possible.
    * Multiple changes to the ``scrapy_poet.PageObjectInputProvider`` base class
      which are backward incompatible:

        * It now accepts instance of ``scrapy_poet.injection.Injector`` in its
          constructor instead of ``scrapy.crawler.Crawler``. Although you can
          still access the ``scrapy.crawler.Crawler`` via ``Injector.crawler``
          attribute.
        * The ``is_provided()`` is now an instance method instead of a class
          method.

    * An item type is now supported by ``scrapy_poet.callback_for`` alongside
      the usual page objects. This means that it won't raise a ``TypeError``
      anymore when not passing a subclass of ``web_poet.ItemPage``.
    * ``scrapy_poet.overrides.OverridesRegistry`` has been overhauled:

        * It is now subclassed from ``web_poet.RulesRegistry`` which allows
          outright access to its registry methods.
        * It now allows retrieval of rules based on the returned item class.
        * ``OverridesRegistry`` (alongside ``SCRAPY_POET_OVERRIDES``) won't
          accept tuples as rules anymore. Only ``web_poet.ApplyRule``
          instances are allowed.

>             * This also results from these type aliases to be removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * This also results on these type aliases being removed:
```
or 

```suggestion
            * As a result, the following type aliases have been removed:
```

              ``scrapy_poet.overrides.RuleAsTuple`` and
              ``scrapy_poet.overrides.RuleFromUser``

>             * These changes are backward incompabible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * These changes are backward incompatible.
```

    * New exception: ``scrapy_poet.injector_error.ProviderDependencyDeadlockError``.

>       This is raised when it's not possible to create the dependencies due to
>       a deadlock in their sub-dependencies.

Reviewer: I think we might want to be explicit in mentioning circular dependencies as the cause of the deadlock. For example:

```suggestion
      This is raised when it's not possible to create the dependencies due to
      a deadlock in their sub-dependencies, e.g. due to a circular dependency
      between page objects.
```

TBR
---

This release enables scrapy-poet to fully support item types as dependencies in
page objects and spider callbacks. The following is now possible:
 
.. code-block:: python

    import attrs
    import scrapy
    from web_poet import WebPage, handle_urls, field

    @attrs.define
    class Image:
        url: str

    @handle_urls("example.com")
    class ProductImagePage(WebPage[Image]):
        @field
        def url(self) -> str:
            return self.css("#product img ::attr(href)").get("")

    @attrs.define
    class Product:
        name: str
        image: Image

    @handle_urls("example.com")
    @attrs.define
    class ProductPage(WebPage[Product]):

>         # ✨ NEW: Notice that the PO can ask for items as dependencies.

Reviewer 2: let's avoid PO terminology for now

        # An instance of ``Image`` is injected behind the scenes by calling the
        # ``.to_item()`` method of ``ProductImagePage``.
        image: Image

        @field
        def name(self) -> str:
            return self.css("h1.name ::text").get("")

        @field
        def image(self) -> Image:

>             return self.image

Reviewer 2: is this example working? Isn't self.image redefined to be a method?

Reviewer 2: Even if not, probbaly it makes sense to change it, to avoid confusion

Author: Ohh yeah, good catch!

    class MySpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "myspider"
        start_urls = ["https://example.com/products/some-product"]

>         # ✨ NEW: Notice that we're directly using the item here and not the PO.

Reviewer 2: let's avoid PO terminology for now

>         def parse(self, response, item: Product):

Reviewer 2: we should use DummyResponse here

Author: Good catch!
